feat: add kubernetes context in the query (#2)
jobteaser/terraform-kubernetes-get-secret: README.md

To build binaries, use the following commands:

```
$ git clone git@github.com:jobteaser/terraform-kubernetes-get-secret.git
$ cd terraform-kubernetes-get-secret
$ make
```

## Maintainers

> This module is currently a fork maintained by the individuals listed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module is a fork of [gearnode/terraform-kubernetes-get-secret](https://github.com/gearnode/terraform-kubernetes-get-secret).
```

Reviewer: And remove the list below :)

- [Bryan Frimin](https://github.com/gearnode)

> - [Ludovic Vielle](https://github.com/lukkor)

Author: ```suggestion
```
